EDL - increase timeout and docs (#26069)
demisto/content: Packs/EDL/Integrations/EDL/README.md

6. If you have a deployment with 100 firewalls or more, we recommend using your Panorama device and creating an EDL object there, which will be populated from the `PAN-OS EDL Service`. Then push the EDL object to the respective firewalls.
7. Follow the instructions in the rest of this guide to make sure that the PAN-OS device is connected to the EDL service.

***Important Notes:***

> - EDL is designed to spawn on two processes: nginx and python. Nginx is the process that listens on the configured port, while the python process listens on the configured port + 1. This means that if an integration was configured for port 9009, the nginx process will listen on port 9009 and python on port 9010. When running without --network=host the python port is not exposed to the machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- EDL is designed to spawn on two processes: NGNIX and Python. NGNIX is the process that listens on the configured port, while the Python process listens on the configured port + 1. This means that if an integration was configured for port 9009, the NGNIX process will listen on port 9009 and Python on port 9010. When running without --network=host, the Python port is not exposed to the machine.
```

6. If you have a deployment with 100 firewalls or more, we recommend using your Panorama device and creating an EDL object there, which will be populated from the `PAN-OS EDL Service`. Then push the EDL object to the respective firewalls.
7. Follow the instructions in the rest of this guide to make sure that the PAN-OS device is connected to the EDL service.

***Important Notes:***
- EDL is designed to spawn on two processes: NGNIX and Python. NGNIX is the process that listens on the configured port, while the Python process listens on the configured port + 1. This means that if an integration was configured for port 9009, the NGNIX process will listen on port 9009 and Python on port 9010. When running without --network=host, the Python port is not exposed to the machine.

> - When constantly using different queries for the same EDL instance through the *q* inline argument, it is recommended instead to use different instances of the EDL (one for each query), and set each one with a default query for better performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If constantly using different queries for the same EDL instance through the *q* inline argument, it is recommended to use different instances of the EDL (one for each query), and set each one with a default query for better performance.
```

- When using the *q* inline argument, the number of exported indicators is limited to 100,000 due to performance reasons. To export more than 100,000 indicators, create a new instance of the integration with the desired Indicator Query and List Size.

## Troubleshooting

> - If you are encountering an 504 Gateway error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are encountering a 504 Gateway error:
```
